Update Job docs to include info about enabling pod-to-pod communication within a job using pod hostnames (#37771)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job.md

  - As part of the Pod hostname, following the pattern `$(job-name)-$(index)`.
    When you use an Indexed Job in combination with a
    {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="Service" >}}, Pods within the Job can use
    the deterministic hostnames to address each other via DNS. For more information about

>     how to configure this, see [Job with Pod-to-Pod Communication].

Reviewer: This 
```suggestion
    how to configure this, see [Job with Pod-to-Pod Communication](/docs/tasks/job/job-with-pod-to-pod-communication/).
```

The tradeoffs are summarized here, with columns 2 to 4 corresponding to the above tradeoffs.
The pattern names are also links to examples and more detailed description.

|                  Pattern                        | Single Job object | Fewer pods than work items? | Use app unmodified? |
| ----------------------------------------------- |:-----------------:|:---------------------------:|:-------------------:|
| [Queue with Pod Per Work Item]                  |         ✓         |                             |      sometimes      |
| [Queue with Variable Pod Count]                 |         ✓         |             ✓               |                     |
| [Indexed Job with Static Work Assignment]       |         ✓         |                             |          ✓          |
| [Job Template Expansion]                        |                   |                             |          ✓          |

> | [Intra-job Pod Networking Using Pod Hostnames]  |         ✓         |         sometimes           |      sometimes      | 

Reviewer 2: Also I would put it before template expansion

```suggestion
| [Job with pod-to-pod communication]  |         ✓         |         sometimes           |      sometimes      | 
```

This table shows the required settings for `.spec.parallelism` and `.spec.completions` for each of the patterns.
Here, `W` is the number of work items.

|             Pattern                             | `.spec.completions` |  `.spec.parallelism` |
| ----------------------------------------------- |:-------------------:|:--------------------:|
| [Queue with Pod Per Work Item]                  |          W          |        any           |
| [Queue with Variable Pod Count]                 |         null        |        any           |
| [Indexed Job with Static Work Assignment]       |          W          |        any           |
| [Job Template Expansion]                        |          1          |     should be 1      |

> | [Intra-job Pod Networking Using Pod Hostnames]  |         any         |        any           |

Reviewer 2: it's not the number of "work items", but it's the number of workers. Not sure if this proposal makes the table more confusing. The important thing it I want to highlight is that parallelism=completions in this case.

```suggestion
| [Intra-job Pod Networking Using Pod Hostnames]  |         W         |        W           |
```

Author: Done

[Queue with Pod Per Work Item]: /docs/tasks/job/coarse-parallel-processing-work-queue/
[Queue with Variable Pod Count]: /docs/tasks/job/fine-parallel-processing-work-queue/
[Indexed Job with Static Work Assignment]: /docs/tasks/job/indexed-parallel-processing-static/
[Job Template Expansion]: /docs/tasks/job/parallel-processing-expansion/

> [Job with Pod-to-Pod Communication]: /docs/tasks/job/job-with-pod-to-pod-communication/

Reviewer 2: We should also link to this in the "completion modes" section that mentions a Service

Author: I'm happy to do so, however, I don't see any section mentioning a Service in the "completion modes" section here https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#completion-mode Am I looking in the wrong place?

Reviewer 2: It's right there :)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1299064/203171848-288ca47b-5fc0-48da-afe9-8ece6897ef80.png)

Author: Thanks! Done.

This table shows the required settings for `.spec.parallelism` and `.spec.completions` for each of the patterns.
Here, `W` is the number of work items.

|             Pattern                             | `.spec.completions` |  `.spec.parallelism` |
| ----------------------------------------------- |:-------------------:|:--------------------:|
| [Queue with Pod Per Work Item]                  |          W          |        any           |
| [Queue with Variable Pod Count]                 |         null        |        any           |
| [Indexed Job with Static Work Assignment]       |          W          |        any           |
| [Job Template Expansion]                        |          1          |     should be 1      |
| [Job with Pod-to-Pod Communication]             |          W          |         W            |

[Queue with Pod Per Work Item]: /docs/tasks/job/coarse-parallel-processing-work-queue/
[Queue with Variable Pod Count]: /docs/tasks/job/fine-parallel-processing-work-queue/
[Indexed Job with Static Work Assignment]: /docs/tasks/job/indexed-parallel-processing-static/
[Job Template Expansion]: /docs/tasks/job/parallel-processing-expansion/

> [Job with Pod-to-Pod Communication]: /docs/tasks/job/job-with-pod-to-pod-communication/

Reviewer: Remove this line

Author: If I remove this line, the references to "Job with Pod-to-Pod Communication" will show up as string literals, rather than as links. Can you clarify why you want to remove it?

Reviewer: Line 267 is already a complete link.

Reviewer 2: I guess the solution is rather the opposite: remove the complete link from line 267

Reviewer: Em... both are valid markdown syntax. The full link syntax is preferred over the out-of-band link syntax because we have scripts to scan bad links and that script is not good at handling the out-of-band syntax.

annotation `batch.kubernetes.io/job-tracking`. You should **not** manually add
or remove this annotation from Jobs.

> ### Pod Communication Within a Job Using Pod Hostnames

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can have this as a new task page, similar to https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/job/indexed-parallel-processing-static/, and linked in [Job Patterns section](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job/#job-patterns)

Author: Makes sense, I migrated this to a new task page (following the format of the other job-related tasks), and linked to it from the job patterns section. 

I also have addressed all the other comments so this PR is ready for another look.

> Some jobs may benefit from using pod hostnames for pod networking rather than pod IPs. 

Reviewer 2: Take this as a general idea.

```suggestion
Pods within a Job might need to communicate among themselves. They could query the kubernetes API
to learn the IPs of the other Pods, but it's much simpler to rely on Kubernetes built-in DNS resolution.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I agree this language is clearer - I've updated this section accordingly.

> For example, IndexedJobs automatically set the pod hostname to be in the format of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Jobs in Indexed completion mode automatically set the pod hostname to be in the format of 
```

Author: Done!

`${jobName}-${completionIndex}`, which can be used to deterministically determine
pod hostnames and enable pod networking *without* needing to create a client connection to
the Kubernetes control plane to obtain pod hostnames/IPs via API requests. This can be useful
for use cases where pod networking is required but we don't want to depend on a network 
connection with the Kubernetes API server.

To enable pod-to-pod communication using pod hostnames, you must do the following:
1. Set up a [headless service](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#headless-services)

> with a valid label selector for the pods created by your job. This will trigger `kube-dns` to cache the hostnames of the pods running your job. One easy way to do this is to use the `job-name: <your-job-name>` selector.

Reviewer 2: kube-dns is actually deprecated and coredns is the recommended solution.
Still, cloud providers could have their own implementation. But I guess we can generally say: the Kubernetes service discovery mechanism.

Reviewer 3: I think this might be a different entry point for MiniKube (and similar) users - for me I had to do some extra setup to install dns plugins: https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/addons/ingress-dns/. It might be worth mentioning so other (likely new users/developers) don't go down the rabbit hole I was just in trying to figure out why it didn't work.  Something like:
```suggestion
with a valid label selector for the pods created by your job. This will trigger `kube-dns` to cache the hostnames of the pods running your job. One easy way to do this is to use the `job-name: <your-job-name>` selector. If you are using MiniKube or a similar tool, you may need to take [extra steps](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/addons/ingress-dns/) to ensure you have DNS.
```

Author: Great suggestions, I've removed the reference to `kube-dns` and made the language more general, as well as included the note regarding the extra steps required for MiniKube.

2. Update the template spec in your job with the following: `subdomain: <headless-svc-name>`
   where `<headless-svc-name>` must match the name of your headless service
   exactly. 

Example:

```yaml

apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: headless-svc
spec:
  ports:
  - port: 80
    name: web
  clusterIP: None # clusterIP must be None to create a headless service
  selector:
    app: nginx # must match job template spec label
---
apiVersion: batch/v1
kind: Job
metadata:
  name: web
spec:
  completions: 3
  parallelism: 3
  completionMode: Indexed
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: nginx
    spec:
      subdomain: headless-svc # has to match headless service name
      restartPolicy: Never
      containers:
      - name: nginx

>         image: registry.k8s.io/nginx-slim:0.8

Author: Great idea, I wrote a bash script which does exactly what you describe and updated the spec accordingly. Let me know if you have any thoughts on it.

        ports:
        - containerPort: 80
          name: web
```

After applying the example above, other pods can reach eachother over

> the network using: `<pod-hostname>.<headless-service-name>`. 

Reviewer 2: Important to link to https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/ somewhere to learn more about DNS resolution in Kubernetes.

In particular, it's important to note that this name wouldn't work in None or Default DNS policy https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/#pod-s-dns-policy

Reviewer 2: Also, I just learned that mini-kube doesn't include DNS by default. So definitely worth mentioning as a requirement.

https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/addons/ingress-dns/

Reviewer 3: You are one step ahead of me!

Author: Ok I've added a note that the `<pod-hostname>.<headless-service-name>` name format wouldn't work with DNS Policy of `None` or `Default`, and included the link to learn more about pod DNS policies.
